# packages in environment at /home/ethanwilson/.conda/envs/FaceAnonEval:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
albumentations            1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blas                      1.0                         mkl    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py311hb755f60_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.2.2             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.2.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
coloredlogs               15.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
comm                      0.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
cuda-cudart               11.8.89                       0    nvidia
cuda-cupti                11.8.87                       0    nvidia
cuda-libraries            11.8.0                        0    nvidia
cuda-nvrtc                11.8.89                       0    nvidia
cuda-nvtx                 11.8.86                       0    nvidia
cuda-runtime              11.8.0                        0    nvidia
cuda-version              11.8                 h70ddcb2_2    conda-forge
cudatoolkit               11.8.0              h4ba93d1_12    conda-forge
cudnn                     8.8.0.121            hcdd5f01_4    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
cython                    3.0.8                    pypi_0    pypi
debugpy                   1.8.0           py311hb755f60_1    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
easydict                  1.11                     pypi_0    pypi
exceptiongroup            1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
executing                 2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    4.3                  hf484d3e_0    pytorch
filelock                  3.13.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flatbuffers               23.5.26                  pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.47.2                   pypi_0    pypi
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.2           py311h6a5fa03_1    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.6.13               h85f3911_1    conda-forge
humanfriendly             10.0                     pypi_0    pypi
icu                       73.2                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
imageio                   2.33.1                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        7.0.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        7.0.1                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
insightface               0.7.3                    pypi_0    pypi
intel-openmp              2023.1.0         hdb19cb5_46306  
ipykernel                 6.29.2             pyhd33586a_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.21.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jpeg                      9e                   h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.1           py311h38be061_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5                    pypi_0    pypi
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
lazy-loader               0.3                      pypi_0    pypi
lcms2                     2.15                 hfd0df8a_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20230802.1      cxx17_h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           1_h86c2bf4_netlib    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           5_h92ddd45_netlib    conda-forge
libcublas                 11.11.3.6                     0    nvidia
libcufft                  10.9.0.58                     0    nvidia
libcufile                 1.8.1.2                       0    nvidia
libcurand                 10.3.4.107                    0    nvidia
libcusolver               11.4.1.48                     0    nvidia
libcusparse               11.7.5.86                     0    nvidia
libdeflate                1.17                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.2.0               h807b86a_5    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               ha4646dd_3    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.2.0               h807b86a_5    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.9.3           default_h554bfaf_1009    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             2.0.0                h9bf148f_0    pytorch
liblapack                 3.9.0           5_h92ddd45_netlib    conda-forge
libnpp                    11.8.0.86                     0    nvidia
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libnvjpeg                 11.9.0.86                     0    nvidia
libpng                    1.6.39               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.25.1               hf27288f_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.44.2               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.2.0               h7e041cc_5    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.5.0                h6adf6a1_2    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.4               h232c23b_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               15.0.7               h0cdce71_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.4           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mkl                       2023.1.0         h213fc3f_46344  
mpc                       1.3.1                hfe3b2da_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h9458935_0    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  h59595ed_2    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nettle                    3.6                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.3          py311h64a7726_0    conda-forge
onnx                      1.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
onnxruntime-gpu           1.16.3                   pypi_0    pypi
opencv-python             4.9.0.80                 pypi_0    pypi
opencv-python-headless    4.9.0.80                 pypi_0    pypi
openh264                  2.1.1                h780b84a_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                hfec8fc6_2    conda-forge
openssl                   3.2.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.0           py311h320fe9a_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.4.0           py311h50def17_1    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prettytable               3.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
prompt-toolkit            3.0.42             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  4.25.2                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    5.9.8           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.17.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.11.7          hab00c5b_1_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2023.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    4_cp311    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.1.2           py3.11_cuda11.8_cudnn8.7.0_0    pytorch
pytorch-cuda              11.8                 h7e8668a_5    pytorch
pytorch-mutex             1.0                        cuda    pytorch
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py311h459d7ec_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     25.1.2          py311h34ded2d_0    conda-forge
qudida                    0.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scikit-image              0.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                69.0.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.12            pypyh9d50eac_103    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.11.0            h00ab1b0_1    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tifffile                  2023.12.9                pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
torchaudio                2.1.2               py311_cu118    pytorch
torchtriton               2.1.0                     py311    pytorch
torchvision               0.16.2              py311_cu118    pytorch
tornado                   6.3.3           py311h459d7ec_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.66.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.9.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.42.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.5                hfc55251_0    conda-forge
